Adds morning warmup to practice power poses (#1180)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/energisers/confident-presenting/index.md

+++
title="Confident Presenting!"
time=15
[objectives]
    1="Trainee can strike a power pose"
    2="Trainee has experience with confidently introducing themselves"
[build]
  render = 'never'
  list = 'local'
  publishResources = false
+++

# The Setup

Get everyone standing for this exercise!

1. Start by everyone demonstrating unconfident poses
2. Get everyone moving with a quick stretch or power pose to break the ice and release tension. 
 - Superman pose – feet shoulder-width apart, hands on hips, chest out.
 - The victor - hands up in the air in a V and feet apart
 - Any others?
3. In a power pose of your choosing go around the room and ask everyone to say their name in the most exaggerated, enthusiastic way possible, like they’re introducing themselves to a stadium of people. 

> [!WARNING]  

> > The science behind power poses is not very strong, this is only to get everyone up and moving around!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is not proven science. This is just a fun game to get everyone up and moving around!
```
